doc: documentation update (#490)
nrfconnect/sdk-sidewalk: doc/samples/template_testing/sensor_monitoring.rst

* ``CONFIG_TEMPLATE_APP_NOTIFY_DATA_PERIOD_MS`` -- Notify period of sensor monitoring template app in milliseconds.

Source file setup
*****************

The application consists of two source files:

> * :file:`app.c` (:file:`app.h`) -- The main application file, starts tx and rx thread. Assigns button actions to board buttons. Adds received messages to receive message queue.
> * :file:`app_sensor.c`,  :file:`app_button.c`,  :file:`app_led.c` -- Those files implements interface between hardware and sample application.
> * :file:`app_rx.c` (:file:`app.h`) -- Rx thread reads messages form received messages queue, deserializes them and triggers actions.
> * :file:`app_tx.c` (:file:`app.h`) -- Tx thread sends messages from device to cloud. Depends on actual state it sends capability message or sensor data notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :file:`app.c` (:file:`app.h`) -- The main application file starts the TX and RX thread, assigns button actions to the board's buttons, and adds received messages to the received message queue.
* :file:`app_sensor.c`, :file:`app_button.c`, :file:`app_led.c` -- The files implement interface between the hardware and sample application.
* :file:`app_rx.c` (:file:`app.h`) -- RX thread reads messages form the received messages queue, deserializes them, and triggers actions.
* :file:`app_tx.c` (:file:`app.h`) -- TX thread sends messages from the device to cloud.
  Depending on the actual state of the device, it sends capability messages or sensor data notifications.
```
please double-check if the meaning remains unaffected

   .. uml::
      :caption: Application TX thread state machine

      [*] -> Init
      Init --> Notify_Capacity : time_syc_success
      Notify_Capacity --> Notify_Data : capacity_success
      Notify_Data --> Notify_Capacity : time_syc_fail
      Notify_Data --> Notify_Data : action_response
      Notify_Data --> Notify_Data : action_notify

> For common sidewalk template source files description see :ref:`sidewalk_template_source_files`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For common source files description of the Sidewalk template, see :ref:`sidewalk_template_source_files`
```

.. note::
   For the full installation guidelines and the application overview, refer to the `Amazon Sidewalk Sample IoT App`_ repository.

>    Flash Nordic device with the template sensor monitoring application instead of prebuilt hex file provided from cloud application repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Flash the Nordic device with the Template sensor monitoring application instead of the prebuilt HEX file provided in the cloud application repository.
```
